doc: security: CVE 2023 5563 (#63892)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/security/vulnerabilities.rst

- `PR 63069 fix for main
  <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/63069>`_

CVE-2023-5563
-------------

> The SJA1000 CAN controller driver backend automatically attempt to recover from a bus-off event when
> built with CONFIG_CAN_AUTO_BUS_OFF_RECOVERY=y. This results in calling k_sleep() in IRQ context,
> causing a fatal exceptionThe SJA1000 CAN controller driver backend automatically attempt to recover
> from a bus-off event when built with CONFIG_CAN_AUTO_BUS_OFF_RECOVERY=y. This results in calling
> k_sleep() in IRQ context, causing a fatal exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SJA1000 CAN controller driver backend automatically attempts to recover from a bus-off event when
built with CONFIG_CAN_AUTO_BUS_OFF_RECOVERY=y. This results in calling k_sleep() in IRQ context,
causing a fatal exception.
```

Author: ouch :/
